java c   Supply Chain Management (BMGT3006S)
PART 1:    INTRODUCTIONThis Study Guide is designed to provide you with details of this module; the learning outcomes; plus, delivery and assessment arrangements. The Study Guide consists of 6 parts.Part 1   gives background details to the subject area are provided and the broad aims of the module are set out.Part 2   consists of the module outline. In this part the (a) module learning outcomes, (b) the themes and topics to be explored are explained along with the (c) learning supports to be used.Part 3   gives details of the module delivery arrangements. It sets out the session arrangements and the expectations in relation to your prior preparation and student engagement.Part 4   provides details of the assessment techniques used in this module explaining the assessment components, their rationale.Part 5   explains the UCD grading policy and grade descriptors drawing on the university document are given for each assessment component (i) Assignment 1, (ii) Assignment 2 and (iii) Examination.Part 6   presents the concluding comments.      Accessing   Brightspace Live Zoom Classes   This module will be wholly delivered via UCD’s   integrated Zoom classroom.      
Kindly logging into Brightspace, go to “BMGT3006S-Supply Chain Management-2024/25 Autumn”, click “My Class”, “Zoom”.
   Please always login using your UCD email address and your name. Your name should be visible to the lecturer and other students to facilitate collaboration.      Please join your online session no later than five minutes before the advised time of your session.      Engagement tools on Collaborate      Throughout the online sessions for this module,   you   will be frequently asked to engage with both   your   lecturer, and with   your fellow students.   The lecturer may send you into breakout groups and you discuss some class content in smaller groups before your findings are discussed with the whole class. You may use the “Share Screen” function (if enabled) to show some summary points of the breakout group discussions.      If you select “Chat,” a chat window will   open   and you can communicate with the whole class or with your lecturer. If you would like to send a private message to your lecturer, please select your lecturer’s name instead of everyone.         By clicking on “Reactions”, another menu will open. This menu allows you to raise your hand if you have a question or would like to comment. If you see a hand icon in the left upper corner of your screen, your hand is currently raised. You can lower your hand by clicking on this icon a second time. The lecturer can also lower your hand.         When you join a Zoom session, you will be muted, and your camera is turned off. But for better engagement in the class, it is advised to keep your camera turned on. Please only unmute yourself if you would like to speak to avoid background noises. You can change your audio and video setting by clicking the small arrow beside the “Unmute” or “Start Video” icon.      
Background DetailsThe Supply Chain Management Course is one of the the modules under the Logistics Pathway. This module focuses on the study of business relationships between a company, its suppliers and its customers. Students develop in-depth knowledge of the entire flow of the end-to-end supply chain, from raw materials to finished products. A special emphasis is placed in information and supply flow through the value chain and the management of relationships.The module can also serve as an introduction to other Logistics Pathway subjects such as Operation Management, Global Logistics and Supply Chain Planning and Control where specific in-depth supply chain processes and mathematical models will be discussed.
Module Aims The aim of this module is to provide students with an overview of the theory and practice of Supply Chain Management. It takes a process approach in that it provides a guiding framework in helping to understand the decisions involved in designing a supply chain strategy.This module focuses on the theoretical and practical aspects of SCM, and its role in enhancing customer fulfilment. It discusses the critical issues involved in supply chain design, and examines bridges to supply chain integration and collaboration.The module draws on student prior learning or work experience and combines insights from strategy, international trade and investment theory, human resource management and other areas.The assessment tasks for this module have been designed with this in mind as detailed later in the study guide.
Programme GoalsProgramme Code: BBS36 (Sg)Programme Title: Bachelor of Business StudiesPathway: Logistics and Supply Chain ManagementProgramme GoalsProgramme Learning OutcomesProgramme Learning Outcome Assessed1)         Programme Goal 1:Informed Thinkers: Our graduates will be knowledgeable on management theory and will be able to apply this theory to business problems (Knowledge).    Programme Learning Outcome 1a:Explain current theoretical underpinnings of business, the management of organisations and supply chains. Exam – Essay QuestionProgramme Learning Outcome 1b:Apply appropriate methods, tools and techniques for identifying, analysing and resolving business problems within functional and acros代 写BMGT3006S Supply Chain Management
代做程序编程语言s functional business areas of the supply chain.Exam – Essay Question2)         Programme Goal 2: Communication, Analytical and Critical Thinking Skills: Our graduates will have well developed skills of communication, analysis and critical thinking (Skills and Competencies).   Programme Learning Outcome 2aPrepare a short business presentation (written and/or oral) on a current business issue.Continuous AssessmentProgramme Learning Outcome 2b: Analyse specific business case studies or problems and formulate a report detailing the issues and recommended actions.Continuous AssessmentProgramme Learning Outcome 2c:Conduct secondary research on logistics-related issues and report on the findings and draw appropriate conclusions.    Continuous Assessment3)
Programme Goal 3:
Personal and Professional Development: Our graduates will demonstrate a commitment to personal and professional excellence and development (Skills, Competencies and Attitudes).Programme Learning Outcome 3a:Develop collaborative learning and team-work skills by engaging in module-related team activities.Continuous AssessmentProgramme Learning Outcome 3b:Demonstrate capacity for problem solving collaboratively and individually.Continuous Assessment4)         Programme Goal 3: 
Ethical Awareness:    Our graduates will demonstrate an awareness of ethical issues in business and their impact on society (Attitudes).Programme Learning Outcome 3a:Demonstrate an awareness of ethical values and business issues concerning the advancement of the broader societal ‘good’.
Exam and Continuous AssessmentProgramme Learning Outcome 3b: Illustrate an understanding of how business decisions might influence society and the wider community at large.
Exam and Continuous Assessment
PART 2:    MODULE OUTLINEModule Title:   	Supply Chain Management	      Module Code:   BMGT3006S	      	      No. of ECTS:   10Module Learning Outcomes ·   Critically appraise and evaluate any supply chain;·   Demonstrate strategically and critically on the role of supply chains;·   Describe and discuss how supply chain management supports the development and execution of a company’s winning competitive strategy;On completing this module, students will be expected to be able to:   ·   Build a Strategic Framework to Analyse Supply Chains.·   Design the Supply Chain Network.·   Plan and Coordinate Demand and Supply in a Supply Chain.·   Manage Cross-Functional Drivers in a Supply Chain.·   Understand the Use of Informational Technology in a Supply Chain.
Module Text:  Wisner, J.D. (2023) Principles of Supply Chain Management: A Balanced Approach, 6th edition, Cengage. ISBN 9780357715604Themes and Topics
1.   Supply Chain Management and Competitive Strategy
a.   The Objective of a Supply Chain
b.   Achieving Strategic Fit
c.   Drivers of Supply Chain Performance
2.   Designing the Supply Chain
a.   Factors Influencing Network Design Decisions
b.   Framework for Network Design Decisions
c.   Risk Management in Supply Chains
3.   Planning and Coordinating Demand and Supply in a Supply Chain
a.   Demand Forecasting in a Supply Chain
b.   Aggregate Planning in a Supply Chain
c.   Coordinating in a Supply Chain
4.   Managing Cross-Functional Drivers in a Supply Chain
a.   Sourcing Decisions in a Supply Chain
b.   Pricing and Revenue Management in a Supply Chain
c.   Sustainability in the Supply Chain
5.   Information Technology in the Supply Chain
a.   The Role of IT in a Supply Chain
b.   The Supply Chain IT Framework
c.   The Future of IT in the Supply ChainLearning MaterialsFor this module, please read the assigned chapters in the prescribed text and the additional readings assigned (see list below). 1.   Ohmae, K. (1989). Managing in a borderless world. Harvard Business Review,   3(4), 60-64.2.   Drucker, P.F. (1994). The theory of the business. Harvard Business Review,   72(5), 95-104.3.   Prahalad, C.K.,  Hamel, G. (1990). The core competence of the corporation. Harvard Business Review,   68(3), 79-91.4.   Fisher, M.J. Hammond, W. Obermeyer, and A. Raman. ‘Making Supply Meet Demand in an Uncertain World.’ Harvard Business Review   (May – June 1994): 83-935.   Quayle, M. ‘Purchasing and Supply Chain Management’. Information Management, 19, no.1/2 (2006): 1-36.   Mejza, M.C. and J.D. Wisner. ’The Scope and Span of Supply Chain Management.’ International Journal of Logistics Management, 12, no.2 (2001): 37:557.   Ohmae, K. ‘The Global Logic of Strategic Alliances.’ Harvard Business Review   (March – April 1989): 143 – 528.   Han, B., S.K. Chen, and M. Ebrahimpour. ‘The Impact of ISO 9000 on TQM and Business Performance.’ The Journal of Business and Economic Studies, 13, no. 2 (fall 2007): (1:25 pages)9.   Giunipero, L. and D. Percy, ‘World Class Purchasing Skills: An Empirical Investigation.’ Journal of Supply Chain Management, 36, no. 4 (2000): 4-13.Students completing this module are expected to participate in session discussions and learning activities and be familiar with recent developments in the business world. To facilitate this, the following source material is useful ·   The Economist·   The Wall Street Journal·   Fortune·   Business Week·   The Financial Times



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
